Astro CLI 1.3.0 core doc changes (#455)
astronomer/docs: astro/test-and-troubleshoot-locally.md

For example, the Apache Airflow command for viewing your entire configuration is `airflow config list`. To run this command with the Astro CLI, you would run `astrocloud dev run config list` instead.

## Run Tests with the Astro CLI

To enhance the testing experience for data pipelines, Astro enables users to run DAG unit tests with two different Astro CLI commands:

- `astrocloud dev pytest`
- `astrocloud dev parse`

### Run Tests with Pytest

> `astrocloud dev pytest` runs all tests in your project's `tests` directory with [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.0.x/index.html#), a testing framework for Python. These tests can be run locally against all DAGs in your Astro project and are optimized to catch code-level errors that may not be easily detectable otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`astrocloud dev pytest` runs all tests in your project's `tests` directory with [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.0.x/index.html#), a testing framework for Python. These tests are run locally against all DAGs in your Astro project and are optimized to catch code-level errors that may not be easily detectable otherwise.
```

Reviewer: @jwitz I feel like we should explicitly call out `astrocloud dev pytest` as a command/instruction? I kinda liked how it was explicitly introduced before (in the section below)

Reviewer 2: Pytest should be thought of as for testing and prase should be thought of has quick check of the DAGs to see if they render. pytest you can write custom tests parse you cannot. I agree that we should a section about about using parse. maybe say something like run `astrocloud dev parse` to quickly see if you DAGs are error free and if they would render in the webserver and run

Author: @paolaperaza Not sure what you mean here, do you mean that the command should be on its own line?

> By default, the `tests` includes a default DAG integrity test called `test_dag_integrity.py`. This test checks that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `tests` directory in your Astro project includes a default DAG integrity test called `test_dag_integrity.py`. This test checks that:
```

- All Airflow tasks have required arguments.
- DAG IDs are unique across the Astro project.
- DAGs have no cycles.
- There are no general import or syntax errors.

> `astrocloud dev pytest` runs this default test alongside any other custom tests that you add to the `tests` directory. For more information about this command, see the [CLI Command Reference](cli-reference/astrocloud-dev-pytest.md).

Reviewer: > To run this default test against your DAGs, run the following Astro CLI command:
> 
> ```sh
> astro dev pytest
> ```
> 
> This command will also run any other custom tests in the `tests` directory of your project. For more information about this command, see the [CLI Command Reference](cli-reference/astrocloud-dev-pytest.md).

I feel like I still like something like ^this more

Reviewer 2: you can also run a specific tests `astrocloud dev pytest <specify test file>`

### Parse DAGs

> `astrocloud dev parse` runs a predefined collection of tests which ensure that essential aspects of your code are correctly formatted.
> 
> The first of these tests ensures that your DAG code doesn't call any missing values. Specifically, it calls all of your DAGs' OS-level variables, Airflow Connections, and Airflow Variables to check whether each of those objects has a value. Additionally, this command runs Astronomer's default DAG integrity test using Pytest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `astrocloud dev parse` Astro CLI command runs a predefined set of tests which ensure that essential aspects of your code are correctly formatted.

Specifically, this command runs two tests:

-  A test that parses all environment variables, Airflow Connections, and Airflow Variables in your DAGs to verify that each of those objects has a value. This ensures that your DAGs don't call any values that don't exist.
 - The DAG integrity unit test that is included in your Astro project by default and runs with `astrocloud dev pytest`.
```

Reviewer 2: Again with the first point the opposite is true. second point again we should just emphsis that the command checks for airflow and python errors. It makes sure that DAGs render

> Generally speaking, `astrocloud dev parse` is a more convenient but less customizable version of `astro dev pytest`. If don't have any specific test files that you want to run on your DAGs, then we recommend using `astrocloud dev parse` as your primary testing tool. For more information about this command, see the [CLI Command Reference](cli-reference/astrocloud-dev-parse.md).

Reviewer: This is great guidance -- appreciate seeing this

Reviewer: Should we switch up the sections here? Introduce parse as the basic general command and then pytest as a more customizable option

Reviewer 2: yeah I think so. I see parse being more widely used. Users of parse shouldn't have to know what pytest is to use it

For example, the Apache Airflow command for viewing your entire configuration is `airflow config list`. To run this command with the Astro CLI, you would run `astrocloud dev run config list` instead.

## Run Tests with the Astro CLI

To enhance the testing experience for data pipelines, Astro enables users to run DAG unit tests with two different Astro CLI commands:

- `astrocloud dev parse`
- `astrocloud dev pytest`

### Parse DAGs

To quickly parse your DAGs, you can run:

```sh
astrocloud dev parse
```

This command parses your DAGs to ensure that they don't contain any basic syntax or import errors and that they can successfully render in an Airflow Webserver.

Generally speaking, `astrocloud dev parse` is a more convenient but less customizable version of `astro dev pytest`. If you don't have any specific test files that you want to run on your DAGs, then we recommend using `astrocloud dev parse` as your primary testing tool. For more information about this command, see the [CLI Command Reference](cli-reference/astrocloud-dev-parse.md).

### Run Tests with Pytest

To perform unit tests on your Astro project, you can run:

```sh
astrocloud dev pytest
```

> This command runs all tests in your project's `tests` directory with [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.0.x/index.html#). These tests are run locally against all DAGs in your Astro project and are optimized to catch code-level errors that may not be easily detectable otherwise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command runs all tests in your project's `tests` directory with [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.0.x/index.html#). With pytest users can test custom python code and operators locally without having to start an airflow project and run DAGs or tasks.
```

Reviewer 2: Users can write pytests that can test any python code they would like not just DAGs
